Get them out of here! Close the doors!
This is no concern to you! Get out!
Let me through!
I'm a healer!
Make way!
I am the Harbor Master! Make way!
It's the pox.
It is smallpox.
Shut up, you stupid fool of a woman!
Do you want to ruin me?
I should prefer ye speak to my wife
with more respect, Monsieur!
He's already dead.
This woman is telling the truth!
It is indeed smallpox.
Everyone must leave! Now!
In the name of The King, I order you out!
This can still be handled quietly.
I am sorry...
It is too late for that.
We must set up a quarantine
immediately if we are to --
- Stop!
- Watch it!
We can take the men to a quiet place.
I have rooms in town where
no one need ever--
I am sorry...
...but the news will be all over
the docks by now.
The law is clear...
...and I have no choice.
I must arrange for the
destruction of your ship...
...and your cargo.
Who the hell are you?
My name is Claire Fraser.
I am a healer.
English. I should have known.
Only an English woman would
be so ill-bred and vulgar.
You will watch your tongue, Monsieur.
This is my wife...
...Lady Broch Tuarach.
"Lord" and "Lady."
The English give out titles of nobility...
...like pearls before swine.
Squabbling in this place
is beneath our dignity.
Who are these people, Fraser?
Is this some scheme of yours?
...is my cousin...
...and I can assure you our presence here...
...is entirely by chance.
Have you any idea what you have done?
Do you?
These men had smallpox.
My entire cargo and my ship --
will be destroyed.
The cost.
The cost is nothing compared
to letting the disease...
...spread through the city.
You will pay a price.
You will both pay...